Discovery API: update docs (#3894)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/schema-discovery-environment.mdx

When querying for `environment`, you can use the following arguments.

:::caution

dbt Labs is making changes to the Discovery API to support multi-cell environment. These changes will take effect on September 7, 2023. 

> The value type `Int` for `id` is being deprecated and will be replaced with `BigInt`. Please update your API call accordingly to avoid API errors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value type `Int` for `id` is being deprecated and will be replaced with `BigInt`. When the time comes, you will need to update your API call accordingly to avoid errors. 
```

<ArgsTable queryName="environment" useBetaAPI />

:::caution

> dbt Labs is making changes to the Discovery API to support multi-cell environment. These changes will take effect on September 7, 2023. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Labs is making changes to the Discovery API to support multi-cell environments. These changes will take effect on September 7, 2023. 
```
